Migrate AZC0101 and async helpers + add fixer (#58154)
Azure/azure-sdk-for-net: sdk/tools/Azure.SdkAnalyzers/docs/AZC0101.md

# AZC0101: Do not use ConfigureAwait(true)

| Property | Value |
|----------|-------|
| **Severity** | Warning |
| **Code fix** | Yes — replaces `true` with `false` |

## Cause

An awaitable expression uses `ConfigureAwait(true)` instead of `ConfigureAwait(false)`.

## Why this matters

> Azure SDK libraries are general-purpose and must not capture or rely on the caller's `SynchronizationContext`. Using `ConfigureAwait(true)` (or omitting ConfigureAwait entirely) can cause:

Author: Good catch — removed the mention of "omitting ConfigureAwait entirely" since AZC0101 only diagnoses explicit `ConfigureAwait(true)` usage, not missing `ConfigureAwait(...)` calls.

Fixed in Azure/azure-sdk-for-net@eaa1778b722fbe4959623a69cc7122561e44fc26

---
🤖 m-redding-copilot

- **Deadlocks** in UI or ASP.NET (pre-Core) applications that have a single-threaded synchronization context
- **Performance issues** from unnecessary thread marshaling back to the original context

> `ConfigureAwait(false)` ensures continuations run on the thread pool, which is always correct for library code.

Author: Good catch — updated the wording to "prevents capturing the caller's context" which is technically accurate. See Azure/azure-sdk-for-net@11736ab2921.
---
🤖 m-redding-copilot

## How to fix

Replace `true` with `false`:

```diff
- await task.ConfigureAwait(true);
+ await task.ConfigureAwait(false);
```

The built-in code fix will do this automatically — look for the lightbulb **"Use ConfigureAwait(false)"** in your editor.

## When to suppress

> This warning should not be suppressed. `ConfigureAwait(true)` is almost never correct in Azure SDK library code.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This warning should not be suppressed. `ConfigureAwait(true)` is never correct in Azure SDK library code.  In the rare case where the `await` is context aware, the `ConfigureAwait` call should be omitted entirely.
```
